	Vaccination Schedule		About Us							
MISSION:
Wisdom Pet Medicine strives to blend the best in traditional and alternative medicine in the diagnosis and treatment of companion animals including dogs, cats, birds, reptiles, rodents, and fish. We apply the wisdom garnered in the centuries old tradition of veterinary medicine, to find the safest and most effective treatments and cures, while always maintaining a caring relationship with our patients and their guardians.
VACCINATIONS:
Dogs and cats are susceptible to a variety of illnesses that can be completely prevented by following the appropriate vaccination schedule. At Wisdom, we approach vaccinations on a patient by patient basis, depending on the health and age of a dog, while also taking into account the vaccination schedules published by leading veterinary medical schools. Talk to your veterinarian about vaccinations for the most common preventable illnesses in your dog or cat. For dogs, this includes core vaccines for rabies, distemper, parvovirus, and adenovirus, as well, as non-core vaccines including Bordetella, parainfluenza, Lyme disease, leptospirosis, and canine influenza. For cats, this includes core vaccines for rabies, feline distemper, feline herpesvirus, calicivirus, and non-core vaccines including feline leukemia and Bordetella.
PET VACCINATION SCHEDULE
Talk to your veterinarian about vaccinations for the most common preventable illnesses in your dog or cat. For dogs, this includes core vaccines for rabies, distemper, parvovirus, and adenovirus, as well, as non-core vaccines including Bordetella, parainfluenza, Lyme disease, leptospirosis, and canine influenza. For cats, this includes core vaccines for rabies, feline distemper, feline herpesvirus, calicivirus, and non-core vaccines including feline leukemia and Bordetella. Your veterinarian will discuss the vaccination timeline with you.
Table 1 - Vaccination Schedule for Cats and Dogs
VaccinationDueVaccinationDueCatsFVRCPEvery 3 YearsDogsDHPPEvery 3 YearsRabiesEvery 1-3 YearsRabiesEvery 1-3 YearsBordetellaOptional


About Us
DR WINTHROP
Dr. Winthrop is the guardian of Missy, a three-year old Llaso mix, who he adopted at the shelter. Dr. Winthrop is passionate about spay and neuter and pet adoption, and works tireless hours outside the clinic, performing free spay and neuter surgeries for the shelter.

DR CHASE
Dr. Chase spends much of her free time helping the local bunny rescue organization find homes for bunnies, such as Kibbles - a Dalmatian bunny who is part of the large Chase household, including two dogs, three cats, and a turtle.


DR SANDERS
Leroy walked into Dr. Sanders front door when he was moving into a new house. After searching for weeks for Leroy's guardians, he decided to make Leroy a part of his pet family, and now has three cats.

	Welcome to Wisdom Pet Medicine


WELCOME TO WISOM PET MEDICINEJEN MCBEEThis is a fictitious product created by LinkedIn Learning solely for the creation and development of LinkedIn user training. Any resemblance to real products is purely coincidental. Information provided about the product is also fictitious and should not be construed as representative of  actual products on the market in a similar product category.

